So congratulations on getting to the end of the first sections guys!
What have they done, Sam? So in this first section, you've learned a little bit about
the VR landscape, and hopefully you should feel a bit more comfortable with the different
terms being thrown around and be able to compare the different devices
on the market. Absolutely! So, another thing I want to say is, if you are considering developing
something for Apple, it used to be that you had to have a paid Apple Developer account, but now, there's a
free Apple Developer account. In fact, your very iTunes ID will work as a
free developer account, once you finish clicking your life away to some terms and conditions, but you must read
carefully. [Laughs] So, Sam, what's next? So what's next? We're getting
stuck into development, and we're going to have a really fun time building our Crossy Road
clone. So, what I'd like you to do right now
is go over to the discussions in the right, and I would
like you to tell us a little bit abut which platform you have decided
you'd like to go with and tell us, you know, iOS or Android.
Which one would you prefer? Fantastic! See you in the next section guys!